THIS AGREEMENT dated for reference the 5th day of August, 2012.

BETWEEN:

          VERIFY SMART CORP, a corporation  existing under the laws of the State
          of Nevada with its executive  office at ▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇,  ▇▇▇▇▇▇,  ▇▇▇
          ▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇

          (herein called "Licensor")

AND:

          ASSURED  MOBILE  TECHNOLOGIES  LLC., a limited  liability  corporation
          existing  under  the laws of the State of  Nevada  with its  executive
          office at ▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇., ▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇, ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇

          (herein called "Licensee")

WHEREAS:

A. The Licensor  owns certain  software and  intellectual  property,  called the
"System and Method for Verifying a users  Identity in electronic  Transactions",
embodied in Patent Application Serial No. PCT2007/001639 (the "VERIFY PATENT").

B. The Licensor and the Licensee wish to enter into a license  agreement whereby
the  Licensor  will grant to the  Licensee an exclusive  worldwide  license,  to
exploit  the  Verify  Patent in all  fields of use for a period of 20 years (the
"Patent LICENSE");

C. The  Licensor has agreed to grant  Licensee  the License  under the terms and
conditions as set forth in this License Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE in  consideration  of the premises and the  respective  covenants,
agreements  representations,  warranties  and  indemnities of the parties herein
contained  and for  other  good and  valuable  consideration  (the  receipt  and
sufficiency of which is hereby  acknowledged)  the parties  hereto  covenant and
agree as follows:

1.   DEFINED TERMS

1.1  For the purposes of this Agreement,  unless the context otherwise requires,
     the  following  terms will have the  respective  meanings set out below and
     grammatical variations of such terms will have corresponding meanings:

     (a)  "Affiliate"  has the meaning given to that term in the  Securities Act
          of 1933, as amended,  and the Rules and  Regulations of the Securities
          and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder;

     (b)  "Associate"  has the meaning given to that term in the  Securities Act
          of 1933, as amended,  and the Rules and  Regulations of the Securities
          and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder;

     (c)  "Business  Day"  means  any day  which is not a  Saturday,  Sunday  or
          statutory holiday in Nevada;

     (d)  "Effective  Date" means the later of the date first  written  above or
          the  date of the  last  signature  completing  the  execution  of this
          Agreement;

     (e)  "Gross Sales" means the  aggregate of all sums actually  received from
          all third party sources by Licensee,  by any affiliate of Licensee, or
          by any authorized entity acting on Licensee's  behalf,  which sums are

          derived  from the  applicable  exploitation  of the Licensed IP. There
          shall be excluded from the Gross Sales the following:

          (i)  Any sums received and thereafter  refunded,  and if any such sums
               shall have  theretofore  been taken into account,  then an amount
               equal to the sum refunded  shall be  eliminated  from  subsequent
               receipts;

          (ii) Any withholding,  sales tax,  consumption tax or other applicable
               taxes collected in respect of the sales;

          (iii)Any and all sales which are refundable  until earned or forfeited
               (but all  non-refundable  advances or advances  which are subject
               only to  delivery  or the  passage of time shall be  included  in
               Gross Sales); and

          (iv) Any  payments  of Gross  Sales  payable to any non  Affiliate  of
               Licensee.

     (f)  "Licensed IP" means the Verify Patent and all intellectual property of
          the Licensor related thereto;

     (g)  "Verify  Patent"  means the "System  and Method for  Verifying a users
          Identity in electronic  Transactions" patented technology described in
          Schedule 1 hereto and  represented  by Patent  Application  Serial No.
          PCT2007/001639

     (h)  "Currency.  Unless  otherwise  indicated,  all dollar  amounts in this
          License Agreement are expressed in United States funds.

1.2  Sections  and  Headings.  The  division  of  this  License  Agreement  into
     Articles,  sections and  subsections  and the insertion of headings are for
     convenience  of reference  only and will not affect the  interpretation  of
     this License Agreement.  Unless otherwise indicated,  any reference in this
     License Agreement to an Article, section,  subsection or Schedule refers to
     the specified Article, section or subsection of or Schedule to this License
     Agreement.

1.3  Number, Gender and Persons. In this License Agreement,  words importing the
     singular  number  only  will  include  the  plural  and vice  versa,  words
     importing gender will include all genders and words importing  persons will
     include  individuals,  corporations,  partnerships,  associations,  trusts,
     unincorporated  organizations,  governmental  bodies  and  other  legal  or
     business entities of any kind whatsoever.

1.4  Accounting  Principles.  Except as otherwise stated,  any reference in this
     License  Agreement to generally  accepted  accounting  principles refers to
     generally accepted accounting  principles that have been established in the
     United States of America, including those approved from time to time by the
     American  Institute of Certified  Public  Accountants or any successor body
     thereto.

1.5  Entire Agreement.  This License Agreement  constitutes the entire agreement
     between  the  parties  with  respect  to  the  subject  matter  hereof  and
     supersedes  all  prior   agreements,   understandings,   negotiations   and
     discussions,  whether written or oral. There are no conditions,  covenants,
     agreements,  representations,  warranties or other  provisions,  express or
     implied, collateral, statutory or otherwise, relating to the subject matter
     hereof except as herein provided.

1.6  Time of Essence. Time will be of the essence of this License Agreement.

1.7  Applicable Law. This License  Agreement will be construed,  interpreted and
     enforced in accordance  with, and the respective  rights and obligations of
     the parties  will be  governed  by, the laws of the State of Nevada and the
     federal  laws  of  United  States  applicable   therein,   and  each  party
     irrevocably and unconditionally  submits to the non-exclusive  jurisdiction
     of the courts of such state and all courts  competent to hear appeals there
     from and waives, so far as is legally possible, its right to have any legal
     action relating to this License Agreement tried by a jury.

                                       2

1.8  Amendments  and Waivers.  No  amendment or waiver of any  provision of this
     License  Agreement  will be binding on either party unless  consented to in
     writing by such party. No waiver of any provision of this License Agreement
     will  constitute  a waiver  of any  other  provision,  nor will any  waiver
     constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise provided.

1.9  Schedules.  The  following  Schedules are attached to and form part of this
     License Agreement:  All terms defined in the body of this License Agreement
     will have the same meaning in the Schedule attached hereto.

     Schedule 1 - Description of Patent

2.   GRANT OF LICENSE

2.1  The Licensor  hereby grants to the Licensee,  effective as of the Effective
     Date and for a period of 20 years,  an exclusive  worldwide  license to use
     and exploit the Licensed IP.

2.2  Licensee may assign or sublicense  the rights granted under this license in
     whole or in part, in its sole discretion.

2.3  The  Licensee  agrees to assist the  Licensor  in  recording  this  License
     Agreement with appropriate  government  authorities where such recording is
     required by law or  regulation  or where such  recording  is  permitted  or
     desired by the Licensor.

2.4  The Licensor shall not continue to use the Licensed IP for its business and
     shall  not sell or agree to sell all or any  portion  of the  Licensed  IP,
     other than as set out in Section 5.

3.   OWNERSHIP

3.1  Licensee  acknowledges  and agrees  that,  as between  the  parties to this
     License  Agreement and subject to the rights and licenses  granted  herein,
     Licensor is, and at all times shall remain, the sole and exclusive owner of
     all right, title and interest, throughout the world, in and to all Licensed
     IP,  and any  copies  of the  Licensed  IP,  whether  made on or  behalf of
     Licensor or Licensee.

4.   PURCHASE PRICE

4.1  In  consideration  of the license granted to Licensee in above Section 2.1,
     Licensee shall pay to Licensor the following  purchase price (the "Purchase
     Price"):

          *    $100 upon execution of this Agreement;

          *    $10,000 within three (3) months of the Effective Date;

          *    $40,000 within 6 months of the Effective Date;

          *    $249,900 within 12 months of the Effective Date; and

          *    8,500,000  common shares in the capital stock of Licensee  within
               30 days of the Effective Date.

     Any cash  component of the Purchase Price in arrears shall bear interest at
     a variable rate equal to the prime rate publicly  announcend by the Bank of
     America from time to time as its prime rate plus one (1) percent.  Interest
     shall  commence  accruing  on the date  that the  relevant  portion  of the
     Purchase  Price  becomes in arrears and shall be computed on the basis of a
     365 day year and to the actual number of days elapsed.

4.2  As additional consideration, Licensee shall pay to Licensor a royalty equal
     to 2.5  percent of the Gross Sales  derived  from the  exploitation  of the
     Licensed IP (the "ROYALTY").

                                       3

4.3  The Royalty shall be payable  within thirty (30) days  following the end of
     the then-current  calendar quarter. All payments to be made hereunder shall
     be made  in  United  States  dollars.  Payments  originating  in any  other
     currency  shall be converted  to United  States  dollars  using the rate of
     exchange as published by Bank of America on the date such payment is due.

4.4      The Royalty payable  hereunder shall cease to accrue and terminate on a
         going  forward  basis in the event that  Licensor  enters  into any any
         agreement,  indenture, instrument or arrangement that results, directly
         or  indirectly,  in a change of Control of Licensor.  "Control"  means,
         with respect to Licensor,  direct or indirect,  beneficial ownership of
         more than 50% of the  voting  securities  of  Licensor,  including  any
         securities  which are voting only upon the  occurrence of a contingency
         where such contingency has occurred and is continuing;

5.   RIGHT OF FIRST PURCHASE

5.1  The  Licensor  shall give the  Licensee a first right of  purchase  for the
     Verify Patent, for so long as this License Agreement is in effect.

5.2  Licensor shall notify  Licensee prior to any sale by Licensor of the Verify
     Patent to any third party (an "ROFP Event").

5.3  The right of first purchase may be exercised by the Licensee within 30 days
     following notice of a ROFP Event by notifying the Licensor in writing.

6.   TERMINATION AND EXTENSION

6.1  Except as  otherwise  provided,  this  License  Agreement  shall  terminate
     automatically at the end of the term specified in Section 1.

7.   INDEMNIFICATION, REMEDIES, SURVIVAL

7.1  For the purposes of this  Section 7 the terms "LOSS" and "LOSSES"  mean any
     and all demands, claims, actions or causes of action, assessments,  losses,
     damages,  liabilities,  costs, and expenses,  including without limitation,
     interest, penalties, fines and reasonable attorneys,  accountants and other
     professional fees and expenses,  but excluding any indirect,  consequential
     or punitive damages suffered by Licensor or Licensee  including damages for
     lost profits or lost business opportunities.

7.2  Agreement of Licensor to Indemnify

     (a)  Licensor will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless, to the full extent
          of the law,  for a period of three years from the  termination  of the
          License Agreement,  the Licensee and its shareholders  from,  against,
          and in respect of any and all Losses  asserted  against,  relating to,
          imposed  upon,  or incurred by the  Licensee and its  shareholders  by
          reason of, resulting from, based upon or arising out of:

          (i)  the breach by  Licensor  of any  representation  or  warranty  of
               Licensor contained in or made pursuant to this License Agreement,
               any  Licensor  document or any  certificate  or other  instrument
               delivered pursuant to this License Agreement; or

          (ii) the breach or  partial  breach by  Licensor  of any  covenant  or
               agreement  of  Licensor  made  in or  pursuant  to  this  License
               Agreement,  any  Licensor  document or any  certificate  or other
               instrument delivered pursuant to this License Agreement.

                                       4

7.3  Agreement of Licensee to Indemnify

     (a)  Licensee will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless, to the full extent
          of the law, for a period of three years from the  termination  of this
          License Agreement,  the Licensor from, against, for, and in respect of
          any and all Losses  asserted  against,  relating to,  imposed upon, or
          incurred  by  Licensor  by reason of,  resulting  from,  based upon or
          arising out of:

          (i)  the breach by  Licensee  of any  representation  or  warranty  of
               Licensee contained in or made pursuant to this License Agreement,
               any  Licensee  document or any  certificate  or other  instrument
               delivered pursuant to this License Agreement; or

          (ii) the breach or  partial  breach by  Licensee  of any  covenant  or
               agreement of Licensee made in or pursuant to this Agreement,  any
               Licensee   document  or  any  certificate  or  other   instrument
               delivered pursuant to this License Agreement.

8.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE LICENSOR

8.1  The Licensor represents and warrants to the Licensee,  with the intent that
     the Licensee will rely thereon in entering into this License  Agreement and
     in concluding the transactions contemplated hereby, as follows:

     (a)  Licensor  warrants  that to the best of its  knowledge  the use of the
          Licensed IP as  intended  through  this  License  Agreement,  does not
          infringe upon the rights of third parties;

     (b)  Licensor warrants that to the best of its knowledge the Licensed IP is
          valid,  maintained and  enforceable  towards third parties  worldwide,
          other than France,  Iran or Russia,  and that the Licensed IP shall be
          properly maintained during the term of this License Agreement.

     (c)  the  execution  and  delivery  of  this  License   Agreement  and  the
          completion of the transactions  contemplated hereby have been duly and
          validly  authorized by all necessary  limited liability company action
          on the part of the Licensor,  and this License Agreement constitutes a
          valid and binding obligation of the Licensor  enforceable  against the
          Licensor in accordance  with its terms;  except as enforcement  may be
          limited by bankruptcy,  insolvency and other laws affecting the rights
          of  creditors  generally  and except that  equitable  remedies  may be
          granted only in the discretion of a court of competent jurisdiction;

     (d)  except as will be remedied by the consents,  approvals,  releases, and
          discharges described in Schedule 2 - Consents attached hereto, neither
          the  execution  and  delivery  of  this  License   Agreement  nor  the
          performance of the Licensor's obligations hereunder will:

          (i)  violate or constitute default under any order, decree,  judgment,
               statute,  by-law, rule, regulation,  or restriction applicable to
               the  Licensor,  the IP, or any contract,  agreement,  instrument,
               covenant, mortgage, or security, to which the Licensor is a party
               or which are binding upon the Licensor,

          (ii) to the  knowledge of the  Licensor,  result in any fees,  duties,
               taxes,  assessments,  penalties or other amounts  becoming due or
               payable by the Licensee under any sales tax legislation. .

          (iii)give rise to the creation or  imposition  of any  encumbrance  on
               the IP,

          (iv) violate  or  constitute   default  under  any  license,   permit,
               approval, consent or authorization held by the Licensor, or

          (v)  violate  or  trigger  any  liability  on behalf  of the  Licensee
               pursuant to any legislation  governing the licensing of the IP by
               the Licensor;

                                       5

     (e)  the Licensor owns and possesses and has good and  marketable  title to
          the IP free and clear of all  encumbrances  of every  kind and  nature
          whatsoever;

     (f)  no person other than the Licensee has any written or oral agreement or
          option or any  right or  privilege  (whether  by law,  pre-emptive  or
          contractual)  capable  of  becoming  an  agreement  or option  for the
          purchase or acquisition from the Licensor of any of the Licensed IP;

     (g)  There are no actions, suits, proceedings, investigations,  complaints,
          orders, directives, or notices of defect or noncompliance by or before
          any court,  governmental or domestic  commission,  department,  board,
          tribunal, or authority,  or administrative,  licensing,  or regulatory
          agency,  body,  or  officer  issued,  pending,  or to the  best of the
          Licensor's  knowledge  threatened against or affecting the Licensor or
          in respect of the IP;

     (h)  there is no requirement  applicable to the Licensor to make any filing
          with,   give  any  notice  to  or  to  obtain  any  license,   permit,
          certificate, registration,  authorization, consent or approval of, any
          governmental  or  regulatory  authority  as a condition  to the lawful
          consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement,
          except   for   the   filings,   notifications,    licenses,   permits,
          certificates,  registrations,  consents  and  approvals  described  in
          Schedule 2 - Consents,  or that relate  solely to the  identity of the
          Licensee  or the nature of any  business  carried  on by the  Licensee
          except for the  notifications,  consents  and  approvals  described in
          Schedule 2 - Consents;

9.   REPRESENTATIONS OF THE LICENSEE

9.1  The Licensee  represents and warrants to the Licensor as follows,  with the
     intent that the Licensor  will rely  thereon in entering  into this License
     Agreement and in concluding the transactions contemplated hereby, that:

     (a)  the Licensee is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing, and
          in good  standing  under the laws of the  State of Nevada  and has the
          power,  authority,  and capacity to enter into this License  Agreement
          and to carry out its terms;

     (b)  the  execution  and  delivery  of  this  License   Agreement  and  the
          completion of the transactions  contemplated  hereby has been duly and
          validly  authorized by all necessary  corporate  action on the part of
          the  Licensee,  and this  Agreement  constitutes  a valid and  binding
          obligation  of  the  Licensee  enforceable  against  the  Licensee  in
          accordance  with its terms;  except as  enforcement  may be limited by
          bankruptcy,   insolvency  and  other  laws  affecting  the  rights  of
          creditors  generally and except that equitable remedies may be granted
          only in the discretion of a court of competent jurisdiction;

     (c)  there is no requirement for the Licensee to make any filing with, give
          any   notice  to  or  obtain   any   license,   permit,   certificate,
          registration, authorization, consent or approval of, any government or
          regulatory  authority as a condition to the lawful consummation of the
          transactions contemplated by this License Agreement;

     (d)  neither the execution  and delivery of this License  Agreement nor the
          performance  of the Licensee's  obligations  hereunder will violate or
          constitute  a default  under the  constating  documents,  by-laws,  or
          articles  of the  Licensee,  any  order,  decree,  judgment,  statute,
          by-law, rule,  regulation,  or restriction applicable to the Licensee,
          or any contract, agreement, instrument, covenant, mortgage or security
          to  which  the  Licensee  is a party  or which  are  binding  upon the
          Licensee;

10.  NON MERGER

10.1 The representations,  warranties, covenants, and agreements of the Licensor
     contained  herein and those  contained  in the  documents  and  instruments
     delivered  pursuant  hereto or in  connection  herewith  will  survive  the
     Closing Date and the term of this License  Agreement,  and  notwithstanding

                                       6

     the completion of the transactions  contemplated  hereby, the waiver of any
     condition  contained  herein  (unless  such waiver  expressly  releases the
     Licensor of such representation,  warranty, covenant, or agreement), or any
     investigation by the Licensee, same will remain in full force and effect.

10.2 The representations,  warranties, covenants, and agreements of the Licensee
     contained  herein and those  contained  in the  documents  and  instruments
     delivered  pursuant  hereto or in  connection  herewith  will  survive  the
     Closing Date and the term of this License  Agreement,  and  notwithstanding
     the completion of the transactions  contemplated  hereby, the waiver of any
     condition  contained  herein  (unless  such waiver  expressly  releases the
     Licensee of such representation,  warranty, covenant, or agreement), or any
     investigation by the Licensor, same will remain in full force and effect.

11.  FURTHER ASSURANCES

11.1 From time to time subsequent to the Closing Date, the parties  covenant and
     agree,  at the expense of the  requesting  party,  to promptly  execute and
     deliver all such further  documents and instruments and do all such further
     acts and things as may be required to carry out the full intent and meaning
     of this Agreement and to effect the transactions contemplated hereby.

12.  ASSIGNMENT

12.1 This  Agreement  may not be assigned by any party hereto  without the prior
     written consent of the other parties hereto.

13.  SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS

13.1 This Agreement will enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties
     hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

14.  COUNTERPARTS

14.1 This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,  each of which will
     be deemed to be an original and all of which will together  constitute  one
     and the same instrument.

15.  NOTICES

15.1 Any notice  required or permitted to be given under this  Agreement will be
     in writing  and may be given by personal  service or by prepaid  registered
     mail,  and  addressed  to the proper  party or  transmitted  by  electronic
     facsimile generating proof of receipt of transmission at the address of the
     applicable party first stated above.

16.  TENDER AND EXTENSIONS

16.1 Tender may be made upon the Licensor or Licensee or upon the solicitors for
     the Licensor or Licensee and such  solicitors  are expressly  authorized by
     their respective clients to confirm extensions of the Closing Date.

17.  REFERENCE DATE

17.1 This  Agreement is dated for reference as of the date first above  written,
     but will become  binding as of the date of  execution  and  delivery by all
     parties  hereto and  subject to  compliance  with the terms and  conditions
     hereof,  the transfer and possession of the Business  Assets will be deemed
     to take effect as at the close of business on the Closing Date.  References
     herein to the date of the  Agreement  or to the date hereof shall be deemed
     to mean the date set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

                                       7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed and delivered these presents on the
dates indicated below.

VERIFY SMART CORP.


Per: /s/▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇
    --------------------------------
    Authorized Signatory

Dated: September 19, 2012

ASSURED MOBILE TECHNOLOGIES LLC.


Per: /s/▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇
    --------------------------------
    Authorized Signatory

Dated: September 19, 2012

                                       8

                                LIST OF SCHEDULES

Schedule                           Description

  1                           Description of Patent

International
Application Number   PCT/CA2007/001639

South African
Patent
Application No.      2009/2149

U.S. Patent
Application No.      11/537,461 filed September 29, 2006

International
Filing Date:         14.09.2007

Publication Date:    03.04.2008

Inventors:           ▇▇▇▇▇▇, ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇

Title:               (EN) A SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR VERIFYING A USER'S IDENTITY IN
                     ELECTRONIC TRANSASCTIONS

Abstract:            The invention  described  herein is a method and system for
                     verifying  the  identity  of a user  by a  verifier  in the
                     course of an electronic transaction. The invention provides
                     a process  and a system for  blocking  an  account  until a
                     verifier  completes  an identity  verification  process for
                     verifying  the  identity  of  the  person   initiating  the
                     transaction. The process comprises pre-enrolling the person
                     and the person's personal communication device. Optionally,
                     one or more  accounts are enrolled by flagging the accounts
                     such  that   transactions  are  subject  to  user  identity
                     verification.  At the time a transaction  is  initiated,  a
                     verifier sends an identification verification request (IVR)
                     to  the  portable   communication   device  of  the  person
                     initiating  the  electronic  transaction.  The person  then
                     verifies his/her identity by supplying a secure  identifier
                     in response to the IVR. Optionally,  the person is asked to
                     authorize  the   transaction   before  the  transaction  is
                     accepted.