
INGEN TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇, ▇▇▇▇▇ ▇
▇▇▇▇▇▇▇, ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇

                                    AGREEMENT

 This Agreement made effective as of this 1st day of February, 2008, by and
between PROGRESSIVE INT'L HOLDING CO., LTD. a Hong Kong Corporation , further
referred to as the ("Contractor") whose principal address is ROOM 605-606
ALLIANCE BLDG, ▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇,▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇, ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇; and
Ingen Technologies, Inc., A Nevada Corporation, further referred to as the
("Company"), whose principal address is ▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇, ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇, ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇
▇▇▇▇▇ , and is made with reference to the following.

(*) = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
BRACKETS AS SHOWN, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION ("SEC") PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 24B-2 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.


RECITALS

A.      The Company is a Medical Device Manufacturer, and in the business of
        providing medical products and services on a global basis. Said products
        and services are inclusive of, but not limited to, Oxyview(R); as
        described in Exhibit-A.

B.      The Company desires to engage the services of the Contractor as its
        Exclusive Distributor for Peoples Republic of China, Japan, Korea and
        India. The Contractor agrees to purchase a minimum of 10,000 Oxyview(R)
        units per month. All purchases will be prepaid and accompanied by a
        purchase order from the Contractor.

C.      The Contractor has the expertise, knowledge and resources for assisting
        with the sales and marketing of OxyView(TM) and OxyAlert(TM) products
        and agrees to and accepts to sell the OxyView(TM) products on a "best
        efforts" basis.

D.      The Contractor is responsible for installation, training, advertising &
        promotion of the products for Peoples Republic of China, Japan, Korea
        and India.

E.      The Company desires to utilize the Contractor's expertise, knowledge and
        other resources for developing and promoting said services as described
        in the above recitals for the purpose of establishing sales of
        Oxyview(TM) and OxyAlert(TM) products and services, and as such, the
        Contractor desires to accept exclusive distribution as stated.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties mutually agree as follows:

    1.  In consideration of the Contractor accepting the above recitals, the
        company agrees to offer the following pricing structure;

        a) Oxyview(R) pricing:

            The first (*) Oxyview units at $(*) ea. US
            All other sales after the first purchase  is $(*) ea. US

            Note: The first order will be placed after the registration in China
            is completed.



        b)  MSRP is $(*) US

        c)  The Contractor can decide on the wholesale pricing for any
            sub-distributors.

(*) = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
BRACKETS AS SHOWN, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION ("SEC") PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 24B-2 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.

2.      The Company authorizes the Contractor, and any of his sub-marketing
        groups, to market, promote and sell the Oxyview(R) products and
        services. Any other products and services offered by the Company are not
        a part of this Agreement and may not be sold and/or marketed by the
        Contractor without the written permission or authorization from the
        Company.

3.      As a part of the services specified herein, the Contractor accepts the
        above considerations and understands his/her rights to sell said
        products within the Peoples Republic of China, Japan, Korea and India.
        The Contractor agrees to provide his/her "best efforts" to assist with
        the marketing for the Oxyview(R) products and services.

4.      The Company holds harmless and indemnifies the Contractor from all
        liabilities associated with any claims orsuits. The Company agrees
        to include the Contractor as an additionally insured party to the
        Company product liability insurance coverage.

5.      Except for the amounts paid to the Company as stated in paragraph-1 and
        within the Recitals herein, neither the Company nor the Contractor shall
        not be entitled to other payment and/or reimbursement for expenses
        incurred pursuant to this Agreement. All costs and expenses incurred by
        either party shall be each parties own responsibility.

6.      The Company agrees to provide full and proper assistance to the
        Contractor inclusive of product warranty, administrative support,
        technical support, and professional support on a best efforts basis and
        within regulatory guidelines and laws set forth for providing said
        services and without penalty to the Contractor.

7.      The Contractor agrees to provide the Company with proper tax
        documentation and identification upon the signing of this Agreement in
        accordance to State and Federal tax laws.

8.      The relationship between both parties created by this Agreement is that
        of principal ("the Company") and Exclusive Distributor ("the
        Contractor") in that the time spent and the professional manner in which
        the services are performed shall solely be the responsibility of the
        Contractor. However, the Contractor agrees to use their best and most
        diligent efforts, within all laws, to provide the resources and
        expertise under the terms and conditions set forth herein.

9.      During the term of this Agreement the Contractor does not have the right
        to promote services, either directly and/or indirectly, to any entity
        that has a similar products as provided by the Company for the duration
        of this Agreement.

10.     In consideration of the importance of confidentiality, non-disclosure
        and trade secrets, the Contractor acknowledges that during the course of
        this Agreement between the Company and the Contractor, the Contractor
        has had access to and will continue to have access to various
        confidential information and trade secrets consisting of compilations of
        information, records, specifications and trade lists, which are owned by
        the Company and which are regularly used in the operation of the
        Company's business. The Contractor specifically agrees to NOT distribute
        the product pricing of the Company, nor use the brand name on any of
        their pricing to their clients. Further, the Contractor will agree to
        keep confidential all material related to or made a part of this
        Agreement from any client, employee, associate and/or the like.



        In consideration of continued engagement through this Agreement during
        the period of the Agreement by the Company, the Contractor shall not
        disclose any of the aforesaid confidential information or trade secrets,
        directly or indirectly, nor use them in any way, either during the term
        of this Agreement or at any time thereafter, except as required in the
        Contractor's engagement with the Company, but does not include
        information already within the public domain at the time the information
        is acquired by the Contractor, or information that subsequently becomes
        public through no act or omission of the Contractor.

        In further consideration of continued engagement and during the period
        of the Agreement, all files, records, documents, drawings,
        specifications, equipment and similar items relating to the business of
        the Company, whether prepared by the Contractors or otherwise, coming
        into the Contractor's possession shall remain the exclusive property of
        the Company and shall not be removed from the Company's premises under
        any circumstances whatsoever without prior written consent of the
        Company.

(*)     = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
        BRACKETS AS SHOWN, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND
        EXCHANGE COMMISSION ("SEC") PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 24B-2 UNDER THE
        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.

11.     This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of five
        (5-yrs), and may be continued thereafter only by the express mutual
        agreement of both parties. This agreement can only be terminated by
        cause. One or both parties must submit, in writing, with a 30 day
        notice, any termination.

12.     This document contains the entire Agreement of the parties relating to
        this Agreement and correctly sets forth the rights, duties and
        obligations of all parties hereto. Any prior agreements, promises,
        negotiations and/or representations not expressly set forth in this
        Agreement is of no force and effect.

13.     No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed or
        construed to be a waiver of such term or condition in the future, or of
        any preceding or subsequent breach of the same or any other term or
        condition of this or any other agreement. All remedies, rights,
        undertakings, obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement
        shall be cumulative and none of them shall be in limitation of any other
        remedy, right, undertaking, obligation or agreement of either party
        hereto.

14.     No amendment or modification of this Agreement or of any covenant,
        condition or limitation herein contained shall be valid unless in
        writing and duly executed by the party to be charged therewith. Unless
        otherwise specifically set forth under a particular provision, any
        amendment or modification shall require the overall consent of both
        parties.

15.     Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed so as to require
        the commission of any act contrary to law, and whenever there is a
        conflict between any provision of this Agreement and any statute, law,
        ordinance, rule, order or regulation, the later shall prevail, but in
        such event any such provision of this Agreement shall be curtailed and
        limited only to the extent necessary to bring it within the legal
        requirements.

16.     This Agreement, and all rights and obligations contained herein shall be
        binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
        respective heirs, executors, legal and personal representatives,
        successors and assigns. It is also specifically agreed and understood
        that this Agreement shall be binding upon any successor-in-interest to
        the Company by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise.

17.     Any controversy arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, or
        any amendment thereof, shall be determined and settled by arbitration in
        accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The
        venue for such arbitration shall be exclusively ▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇,
        ▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇, ▇▇▇; and any award rendered shall be final and
        binding on each and all of the parties thereto and their
        successor-in-interest, and judgment may be entered thereon in any court
        having jurisdiction thereon. In any such proceeding, the Arbitrator
        shall be and hereby is empowered to render an award directing specific
        performance. Each individual party shall take responsibility for
        obligations pertaining to costs associated with their own legal
        representation.



18.     All notices among the parties hereto shall be in writing and shall be
        deemed duly served when personally delivered to another party or, in
        lieu of such personal service, when deposited in the United States mail,
        certified and return receipt requested, with first class postage prepaid
        thereon, addressed as set forth above, or in such other place as may be
        specified in any written notice given pursuant to this paragraph as the
        address for service of notice. All notices shall be delivered to the
        parties addresses as witnessed below.

        Company:                     ▇▇▇▇▇ Sand, CEO & Chairman
                                     Ingen Technologies, Inc.
                                     ▇▇▇ ▇. ▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇ ▇▇.
                                     ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇, ▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇
                                     (▇▇▇) ▇▇▇-▇▇▇▇
                                     Tax ID No. ▇▇-▇▇▇▇▇▇▇

        Contractor:                  PROGRESSIVE INT'L HOLDING CO., LTD.
                                     ▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇-▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇,
                                     ▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇ ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇,
                                     ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇
                                     Tel: (852)-2542-0566    Fax:(852)-2541-3284

19.     This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with laws
        of the State of California.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the
date first set forth above and agree to all of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement setforth herein.


        The Contractor:

        /s/ ▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇                             2/22/2008
        ----------------------------------      ----------------
        ▇▇▇▇▇▇ ▇▇▇▇, CEO                              Date



        The Company:

        /s/ ▇▇▇▇▇ Sand                              2/22/2008
        ----------------------------------      ----------------
        ▇▇▇▇▇ Sand, CEO                               Date
        Ingen Technologies, Inc.

(*) = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY
BRACKETS AS SHOWN, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION ("SEC") PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 24B-2 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.



                                    EXHIBIT-A


Data Specification Sheet for Oxyview(R)
---------------------------------------


OxyView(TM):  Registered Trademark Serial No. 78-886168

FDA Registration No. 3005686889

FDA Owner/Operator No. ▇▇▇▇▇▇▇

FDA Product Code: BYM

FDA Listing No. E376132

FDA/Department of Health Services License No. 47146

Patent(s): United States, Japan, European Communities, and People's Republic of
China

Description: OxyView(TM) relates to flow meters which provide a visual signal
for gas flow through a conduit. More particularly it relates to a flow meter
which provides a visual cue viewable with the human eye, as to the flow of gas
through a cannula which conventionally employs very low pressure and gas volume
to a patient using the OxyView(TM). The device is adapted to be engaged between
the nose/mouth mounted cannula and a compressed oxygen supply delivered to the
cannula through a flexible conduit. It delivers an easily read confirmation of
actual continuous flow and of volume of oxygen. OxyView(TM) is more advanced and
more accurate than the conventional flow meters, whereas conventional flow
meters typically employ a ball which translates up and down and is dependent of
gravity, and must maintain a vertical position for accuracy and functionality.
OxyView(TM) is patient friendly and can quickly be mounted "in-line" anywhere
between the regulator and patient mask or breathing section of the cannula. Most
important, the oxygen source, such as a concentrator, respiratory equipment,
CPAP, gas/liquid cylinder can be placed at any distance from the patient since
OxyView(TM) can be mounted close to the patient and "in-line" with the oxygen
tubing. OxyView(TM) can quickly verify to the patient/caregiver the correct
oxygen flow, leaks or malfunction in the regulator or respiratory equipment.
OxyView is the new generation of pneumatic safety devices needed in the growing
oxygen therapy market.


Certificate of Material:
------------------------


                                       
Body - Polycarbonate (Makrolon) M2558     Interior Red Piston Paint- Printing Ink 180-PE
Cap- Polycarbonate (Makrolon) M2558       Exterior Body Hot-Stamp Paint- Foil P811N
Piston- Polystyrene DOW666D               Dimensions- 1 3/8" Length and 7/16" Diameter
Spring- 316 Stainless Steel               Total Weight- 0.128 Ounces or 3.98 grams Accessory
Rubber Bushing-PVC 2222 C-60              Range- 1-5 l/m (Model 205A)


** None of these products contain any ingredients being classified toxic or
flammable according to EU regulations and are all OSHA compliant. Material
manufactures specifications available upon request